### Deep Learning in Driverless Car
In this course project, we studied the application of deep learning in driverless car. Driveless car, also known as robot car, autonomous car, is one of the technology that might change everyone's life in the future. Also it is a hot research and application area of deep learning. In this project, we first summarized the levels of automations for driverless car, also the advantages and disadvantages. Then we analyzed the sensors reqired for autnomous cars and the tasks in autonomous driving, including situation and environmental awareness, navigation and path planning, and maneuver control. 

One of the crucial aspects of autonomous driving is perception, and this is where deep learning applied. Object detection and semantic segmentation are two fundamental and changllenging problems in perceptions. We summarized the application of deep learning in this two taks. Object detection is to detect whethere or not there are any instances of objects from the given categories in a scene and return the spatial location and extent of each object instance. Region-based Convolutional Neural Networks (R-CNN), Fast R-CNN, and Faster R-CNN are widely used for this task. Semantic segmentation attempts to partition the image into semantic meaningful parts and label each part with prespecified classes. R-CNN, Mask R-CNN, Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) are used for this tasks. 

Last we analyzed the possible limitataions of deep learning in autonomous driving, including requirement of huge data, high processing power, and black box nature of deep learning. 
